chore: turn SQL templating off by default (#11172)
apache/superset: UPDATING.md

## Next

> * [10887](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/11172): Breaking change: SQL templating is turned off be default. To turn it on set `ENABLE_TEMPLATE_PROCESSING` to True on `DEFAULT_FEATURE_FLAGS`

Reviewer: while you're in here, could you move the existing `Next` stuff to `0.37.2`? Looks like that wasn't done yet.

Also, make sure you update the PR number

Author: Just checked, and the UPDATING is absolutely correct, there are no warning or breaking changes on 0.37.2

Reviewer: ah, gotcha. i forgot that 0.37.2 was only cherrypicked PRs

> * [10887](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/11172): Breaking change: SQL templating is turned off be default, to turn it by setting `ENABLE_TEMPLATE_PROCESSING` to True on `DEFAULT_FEATURE_FLAGS`

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
* [10887](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/11172): Breaking change: SQL templating is turned off be default. To turn it on set `ENABLE_TEMPLATE_PROCESSING` to True on `DEFAULT_FEATURE_FLAGS`
```

Author: Thank you!
